# Attendees:
* Supervisors:
* Prof. Shirley SIU
# Members:
* CHEANG WENG HEI, DANIEL
* LIANG LIHENG, William
* SONG HANBAI, SAM

# Finished items:
* Using Weka to compare different classifier for the  big dataset provided by Prof. Fong.
* Studied useful libraries for machine learning in R.
* Modify the perious program in R so that the program can generate different plots of the results.

# Discussion:
* Showed modification of the program that generate different plots.
* We discussed how to improve this program so that to apply to dataset provided by professor than using our small testing dataset.
* Supervisors said that we should try all different classifiers in Weka to pick a best one rather than use it all.
* They suggested that we still need to keep learning more about the principles of Bayesian networks and other machine learning .
* We also need to keep contacting office to get the license of Bayesia software.

# Challenges:
* We need to try more programing languages and algorithms like bnlearn.
* We need to learn more and deeper for the bayesian network to understand how it works.
* Final learning and testing keep us busy from this project, we need to catch up after the final.

# Schedule:
* We plan to have next meeting in January after holiday.
* We will try all classifiers in Weka to get the most suitable one for the machine learning and to figure out how this classifier is used in the project.
* We will keep improving our existing programs and use the book 'Bayesian Networks in R' to do background study.
